---
{"cssclasses":["daily","Monday","page-mustard","pen-black"],"date":"2024-11-18","word-goal":500,"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/00-daily/11/2024-11-18/","contentClasses":"daily Monday page-mustard pen-black","dgPassFrontmatter":true,"noteIcon":"","created":"2025-01-21T01:20:16.299+10:00","updated":"2025-01-21T15:25:26.854+10:00"}
---


Tomorrow: [[00 Daily/11/2024-11-19\|2024-11-19]]

# 2024: The End of Fall

---

### 17 Nov - Sunday
I don't know if I should use Obsidian or Telegram to journal. It's kind of good that I can sync Telegram, and it has a calendar, tags, and staff, but Obsidian has more formatting features. The main thing is that Telegram is cloud-based, and it's good for images.

---
### 18 Nov - Monday
Sooo. I've decided to use Obsidian for writing if I don't have mobile internet. And I don't think that I'll get it working any time soon because I need all the money my father gives me to spend on food, particularly on B/Ps.

---

Recently, about 4 days ago, he gave me 2 pieces of chocolate cake to bring them home, one for me and one for my younger brother. And I've eaten them both. Because I think that it's unfair that my brother gets everything he wants from everybody in this "family". My grandmother (fat crazy bitch) will bake him a whole cake if he only asks and my mother (fat stupid bitch) is going to buy him a laptop or computer or smth that she promised to buy ME several years ago (guess what, she still hasn't). And now the only person - my father who gives me at least something is expecting me to give this fucking slice of a fucking tiny cake to my brother! HA! I would never! So now we don't speak to each other though he still gave me some food 2 times.

> *1st time (the next day after the incident):*
a piece of that cake 
9% cottage cheese - 500g 

> *2nd time (mon - today):*
banana
9% cottage cheese - 500g 

---

Also, it's *Crazy Bitch's* birthday on [[00 Daily/11/2024-11-20\|Wednesday]] and sins Friday I believe, I've been lying to her about baking a "surprise" for the present so she gave me money and/or ingredients for it. So far I've got some ingredients on Friday and some cash on Sunday.

> *Friday (baked a BP "cake"):*
peanuts - 500g?
4 eggs
floor - about 800g
sugar - 330g
70% vinegar - ingredient to lie my way out of this

> *Sunday:*
1$ - "for the condensed milk" spend on 3 loaves of bread
chocolate bar - 90g

And now I need only to get some money for "the bus" (will try to get them [[00 Daily/11/2024-11-19\|tomorrow]]) and shit she will cook for the BDay, so I can reveal myself and tell her that I've used too much vinegar so she won't get her baked "surprise" (what a surprise it'll be!).
After that, I hope my dad will forget about "the incident" and give me some money on food for two weeks (aka 2 binges or a binge and some energy drinks).

---

