---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/00-daily/11/2024-11-19/","contentClasses":"daily Tuesday page-pink","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-01-21T01:20:16.302+10:00","updated":"2025-01-21T15:25:26.879+10:00"}
---


Yesterday: [[00 Daily/11/2024-11-18\|2024-11-18]]
Tomorrow: [[00 Daily/11/2024-11-20\|2024-11-20]]

---

### 19 Nov - Tuesday
**01:08** Can't wait for [[00 Daily/11/2024-11-20\|tomorrow]]

Well, today I ate a packet of sugar with vinegar after BPed for the second time. With vinegar bc I wanted to taste sour-sweetness and not just the plain sweetness of sugar.
I bought it with money from my dad, as I shoved my pride deep down my throat and called him.

.me:Oh god, I am getting good at this showing stuff deep down my throat thing, *vink*

---

Also, found a lot of cool stuff on my old SD card when I searched for workout videos. Like all the books I thought I'd lost and the screens of my old artworks, even a little animation timelapse which I don't even remember making.
So, as you can see from the text above, I decided to start doing workouts again. It would be nice for my computer-ass lifestyle and mental health.
Because apparently, winter is my depression season. And I've started to feel strange lower-back/upper-legs pain recently.


- [m] A little "poem":
> I was playing the piano,
Playing guitar, drums, and tennis
I was swimming, running, fighting
Rode the bike and skateboard.

> Learned Japanese and Spanish
And Korean same time
I was keen on cryptography, translate books, did language stuff.
Knitting, sewing, and scrapbooking
Were my true and only love.

> Did photography, stop-motion,
Little figurines from clay
Even baking was my passion
Complex recipes my prayers

> Graphic design, pencil drawing, oil, gouache, aquarelle.
Naturmorts and figure drawing were my life from day to day.

> Wrote the codes for cities and games
unity was my best friend
Read a hundred books a year,
They all had a different theme

> Graphic novels, manga, comics
All the genres even fics.
3D art and animation
Were my favoritest geeks

> I've attended gyms and sections
Libraries, board games clubs
Chess was also my obsession, D&D and other stuff.

> Nothing from this ever mattered by the end I've realized.
Now I can't find reasons why the hell I even tried.
If I am a such bad swan.

---

Watched "A Good Girl's Guide to Murder", it was so interesting, but a little too short. I'd like it to have a second season.

---