---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/00-daily/11/2024-11-20/","contentClasses":"daily Wednesday page-red","noteIcon":"","created":"2025-01-21T01:20:16.305+10:00","updated":"2025-01-21T15:25:26.897+10:00"}
---


Yesterday: [[00 Daily/11/2024-11-19\|2024-11-19]]
Tomorrow: [[00 Daily/11/2024-11-21\|2024-11-21]]

---

### 20 Nov - Wednesday

Gosh! Everything went not as I had planned! My dad didn’t give me money, said they'll be only tomorrow. And _CrazyFatBitch_ (further CFB) hasn't cooked a big BDay dinner, just a usual portion of food, but instead of soup I've got a salad and instead of rice were baked potatoes. What a pity! My perfect BP day was ruined! But at least I've solved the "baked surprise" problem. I said that the topping had no time to set bc I'd just cooked it and when I was about to leave I asked her if she had any candies, because he usually gives me 2 or 3 at this time, and she just lost it:

.me: Do you have candies?
.CFB (in annoying squeaky voice): What have I said to you? Only people who work get candies! And what gets people who don't?
.me: They have family who help them.
.CFT (normal voice): Then ask your dad. He should spend his money on you and not on himself. 
.me: Well, apparently he is the only family I have, and he don't have enough money (And YOU BITCH know this bc I've told you this for a hundred of times). And I don't want him to die (he is skinny).
.CFB: I don't have enough money for food too!!! 
.me: LMAO you ARE FAT, and you have a full fridge of expensive shit. 

So the next time we meet, I'll just tell her that she didn’t work for this "baked surprise", and I've shared it with my family (dad). Oh, oh, can't wait to see her face after this.

---

A cool thing for today is that I've finished watching the 3rd season of Heartstopper and found out that the 2nd season of Arcane is already out, but not full yet!!! So I watched 6 series. 

---
